You and I will travel far together We'll pursue our
little star together We'll be happy as we are
together We may never get to heaven But it's heaven
You and I are going on together Till the time we have
is gone together What's the evening drawing on
together Growing older, growing closer Making
memories that light the sky
That
only love can make
That only
we can make You and I You and I are going on together
Till the time we have is gone together Watch the
evening going
on together Growing older, growing closer Making
memories
that light the sky That
only time
can make That only love can make That only we can
make You and
I
You know that I
Try to set the night
on
fire The time to hesitate is through No time to
wallow in the mire
Try now we can only lose And our love becomes a
funeral pyre Come on baby light my fire Come on baby
light my fire Try to set the night on fire
No time to hesitate it's through No time to wallow
in the mire Try now we can only lose And our love
becomes
fire
come on baby light my fire
How can people be so heartless?
How can people be so cruel? Easy to be hard.
Easy to be cold.
How can people have no feelings? How can they
ignore their friends easy to be proud?
who care
about strangers who care about evil and social
injustice do you only care about the bleeding
crowd how about a needing friend
how can people be so heartless
Can people be so cruel? Easy to give in.
Easy to help.
Especially
people
who care about strangers, who care about evil and
social injustice. Do you only care about the
bleeding crowd? How about the needing friends?
How can people be so heartless? How can people be so
cruel? Easy to give in.
Easy to help
out. Easy to be
hard. Easy to be
hard. Easy to be hard.
Life goes on and we pass through Days of sunlight,
days of tears Live the way life comes to you
Foolish, wasting, precious years Life goes on,
one day you cry Then your laughter fills the air See
the winter paint the sky Feel a moment of despair
One
day you trust in love The world exists for you One
day you trust no more And then the world will
Days of sunlight, days of tears Live the way life
comes to you Foolish, wasting, precious years
One
day you trust in love The world exists for you One
day you trust no more And then the world turns blue
Life goes on and we pass through Days of sunlight,
days of tears Say
goodbye and
life goes
on.
What are you doing the rest of your life? North and
south and east and west of your life.
I have only one request of your life. That you spend
it all
All the seasons and the times of your days
All the nickels and the dimes of your days Let the
reasons and the rhymes of your days All begin and
end with me
I want to see
your face in every kind of light In fields of dawn
and forests of the night And when we stand before
the candles on a cake Oh, let me be the one to hear the
silent wish
Those tomorrows waiting deep in your eyes In the
world of love you keep in
your eyes I'll awaken what's asleep
in your eyes It may take a kiss
Summer, winter, spring and fall
of my life
All I ever will recall
See you.
Yesterday,
when I was young, the taste of life was sweet as rain
upon my tongue. I teased the life as if it were a
foolish game. The way the evening breeze may tease
a candle flame. The thousand dreams I dreamed, the
splendid things I planned I always built, alas, on
weakened shifting sand I lived by night and
shunned the naked light of day And only now I see how
the years ran away When I was young So many lovely
songs Were waiting to be sung So many wayward
pleasures Lay in store for me And so much pain My
dazzled eyes refused to see I ran so fast the time
I never stopped to think what life was all about and
every conversation I can now recall concerned
itself with me and nothing else
at
all. Yesterday the moon was blue And every crazy
day brought something new to do I used my magic age
as if it were a wand I never saw the waste and
emptiness beyond game of love i played without a
glance and pride and every flame i lit to quickly
quickly die the friends i made all seem somehow to
drift away and only i am left on stage to end the play
there are so many songs In me that won't be sung I
feel the bitter taste Of tears upon my tongue The
time has come for me To pay for yesterday When I was
young
Yesterday When I was young So many lovely songs
were waiting to be sung. So many wayward pleasures
lay in store for me. And so much pain my dazzled eyes
So many lovely songs waiting to be sung. So many
wayward pleasures laying store for me. And so much
pain my darkened eyes refused to see. Yesterday.
I
know your leaving's too long
overdue For far too long I've had nothing new to
show
Then it
felt so strange
Thank
you.
And it
felt
so strange.
Again
Say goodbye Again Our friends have tried To turn my
nights to day
Strange faces in your place can keep the ghosts
away.
But just beyond the darkest hour, just behind the
door, it still feels so strange.
Since
you've been gone I'm feeling blue I think of me, I
think of you So many things we used to do together
Feeling the way I do today I can remember yesterday
You said that we would always stay
together
I walk the city streets
alone Cold as the coldest city stone Go to
the places we have known together I tell myself
that nothing stays the same
in the night i call your name dreaming that you are
back again no one is there to ease the pain without
you
maybe it's faith we had to part sorrow is sweet so
when we start meeting again you know my heart i love
you
I see the faces stop and stare in every window
everywhere. Oh, how I wish that we were there
together. What has been done is dead and gone.
Can't we forget nobody else we want? Isn't it time
for us to
Nothing stays the same.
¶¶
Fairy tales were always
true. Every face was filled with laughter. Every
day brought something new. Summertime seemed to
last forever. Friends would come and friends
would go. But their war would always linger In the
days when time ran
slow Make the world
a
little younger Let the laughter in Yesterday was
filled with
Make
the world a little
younger We're a happy face When the
world's a little younger Life's a brighter
place When the world was a little younger there
was time for going fishing and the games we used to
play
make the world
Thank you.